Update installation instructions, and minor claenup (#103)
ros-planning/moveit2_tutorials: doc/getting_started/getting_started.rst

Getting Started
===============

This tutorial will install MoveIt 2 and create a workspace sandbox to run the tutorials and example robot.

Install ROS 2 and Colcon
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
`Install ROS 2 Foxy <https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Installation.html>`_.
It is easy to miss steps when going through the ROS 2 installation tutorial. If you run into errors in the next few steps, a good place to start is to go back and make sure you have installed ROS 2 correctly.

Install `rosdep2 <http://wiki.ros.org/rosdep>`_ to install system dependencies : ::

  sudo apt install python3-rosdep2

Once you have ROS 2 installed, make sure you have the most up to date packages: ::

  rosdep update
  sudo apt update
  sudo apt dist-upgrade

Install `Colcon <https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Tutorials/Colcon-Tutorial.html#install-colcon>`_ the ROS 2 build system: ::

  sudo apt install python3-colcon-common-extensions

Install `vcstool <https://index.ros.org/d/python3-vcstool/>`_ : ::

  sudo apt install python3-vcstool

Create A Colcon Workspace and Download MoveIt 2 Source
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> These tutorials rely on the master branch of MoveIt 2, which can be built from source or binaries. Please make sure you install MoveIt 2 for your distribution of choice by following the instructions from `the official MoveIt website <https://moveit.ros.org/install-moveit2/source/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tutorials rely on the ROS 2 project MoveIt 2, which can be built from source or installed from binaries. Please make sure you install or build MoveIt 2 for your distribution of choice by following the instructions from `the official MoveIt website <https://moveit.ros.org/install-moveit2/source/>`_.
```

We don't have a master branch of MoveIt 2.  It is a main branch.  These tutorials do not necessarily depend on that branch.  In the future we might need a split between ROS versions of MoveIt 2 for the tutorials but until then we should just say it depends on MoveIt 2.

Secondly, the instructions on the website do not mention you need to use the `foxy` branch of moveit2 if you are on foxy.  Lastly, the website does not offer instructions for binary installs.

I think we should encourage users on foxy and galactic to install the binaries and users who want to build from source to use rolling.  Thoughts?

Author: I don't think you would need to use foxy branch for tutorials it compiles just fine on Rolling as well 👀 . We can always encourage using binaries (except for the time being rolling binaries I think are broken from Duration bug, and galactic is not synced yet.) Source builds should be only for contributing or to get unreleased features (namely between syncs).
